Added a variety of DRK difficulty notes (HoH) (#60)
djcooke/compendium: _hoh_061_enemies/shitaibana.md

job_specifics:
  DRK:
    difficulty: Easy
    notes:

>       - 'Use TBN duing the start of AA chain to break on the cleave'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - 'Use TBN during the start of auto-attack chain to break on the cleave'
```

Can you clarify when this is? At the start of fight, or after Acid Mist?
